v2 support preview (#378)
mark-wiemer-org/ahkpp: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/v2.md

---
name: Issues with AHK v2 support
about: Issues specific to AutoHotkey v2.
title: '[v2] '
labels: AHK v2
assignees: mark-wiemer
---

<!--

Please note the known limitations of AHK v2 support. These issues are already being addressed :)

-   Formatting ([Issue #381](https://github.com/mark-wiemer/vscode-autohotkey-plus-plus/issues/381))
-   Snippets ([Issue #382](https://github.com/mark-wiemer/vscode-autohotkey-plus-plus/issues/382))

-->

> **Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**

Author: ```suggestion
**Is your issue related to a problem? Please describe.**
```
